📝(README) add information about document management (#582)
openfun/marsha: README.md

# Marsha, a self-hosted open source video and document provider 🐠

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/openfun/marsha/tree/master.svg?style=svg)](https://circleci.com/gh/openfun/marsha/tree/master)

## Overview

`Marsha` is a video management & playback service. It is intended to be operated independently: it's like having your very own YouTube for education.

> Independantly you can also host documents on marsha and distribute them on all your courses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Marsha also supports hosting documents and distribute them on all your courses.
```

Instructors & organizations can use Marsha to upload and manage their videos (and associated files, such as subtitles or transcripts) or documents directly from a course as they are creating it.

Once the course is published, learners simply see a video player or documents in the course.

This seamless integration works with any LMS ([`Open edX`](https://open.edx.org), [`Moodle`](https://moodle.org), ...) thanks to the [LTI](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Learning_Tools_Interoperability) standard for interoperability.

Here is what `Marsha` offers out of the box:

Video:

- automatic transcoding of videos to all suitable formats from a single video file uploaded by the instructor;
- adaptive-bitrate streaming playback (both HLS and DASH);
- accessibility through the player itself and support for subtitles, closed captions and transcripts;

Document:

- upload any type of documents;

> - Using AWS S3 you will not have disk storage quota;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- prevent disk storage quota by using AWS S3;
```

> Moreover:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moreover, Marsha provides:
```

### The storage & transcoding environment

> Source files (video, documents, subtitles,...) are directly uploaded to an `S3` bucket by instructors. Depending the uploaded resource a lambda will be triggered to do diffenrent jobs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source files (video, documents, subtitles,...) are directly uploaded to an AWS `S3` bucket by instructors. Depending on the uploaded resource, a lambda pipeline will be triggered as follow:
```

Author: No this is not a pipeline but a list of what can be triggered

Reviewer: Ok then, what about: "a lambda collection can be triggered"

Author: There is only one lambda (`lambda-encode`) responsible to do different tasks depending the uploaded resource.

Reviewer: Ok, then it's not explicit in your original documentation: it should state that one lambda triggers other lambdas (if I understand well this time).

Author: No you don't. Only one is triggered (`lambda-encode`) and depending the resource you uploaded then a specific part of this lambda (still `lambda-encode`) is executed. This lambda never trigger other lambda. The other lambda are triggered by other mechanisms and we don't treat them in the readme.

Reviewer: Looks like this README is not that straightforward... maybe a schema would help here.

> - Launch `MediaConvert` to generate all necessary video files (various formats and fragments & manifests for adaptive-bitrate streaming) into a destination `S3` bucket. Those files are then served through the `CloudFront` CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Launch AWS `MediaConvert` to generate all necessary video files (various formats and fragments & manifests for adaptive-bitrate streaming) into a destination AWS `S3` bucket. Those files are then served through the AWS `CloudFront` CDN.
```

Author: This is not an ordered list

Reviewer: Ok, then do as you please. It's about enumerating choices, not ordering things.

> - Convert any kind of subtitles (also captions and transcripts) in WebVTT format and encode them properly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Convert any kind of subtitles (also captions and transcripts) in WebVTT format and encode them properly.
```

Reviewer: We should maybe add a link to the WebVTT format specification?

> - Resize thumbnails in many formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Resize thumbnails in many formats.
```

> - Copy documents from a source to a destination `S3` Bucket accessible through the `CloudFront` CDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Copy documents from a source to a destination AWS `S3` Bucket accessible through AWS `CloudFront` CDN.
```

Lambdas are used to manage and monitor the process and report back to the `Django` backend.

This storage & transcoding environment requires `AWS` as it heavily relies on `AWS MediaConvert` to do the heavy lifting when it comes to transcoding. All the services it relies on are configured through `Terraform` and can be deployed effortlessly through a `make` command.

⚠️ **Privacy concerns**

> Please note that the only objects we handle in `AWS` are the actual video, documents and subtitles files, from upload to distribution through transcoding and storage. It is not required to deploy any database or application backend to `AWS` or to send any user's personal information there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the only objects we handle in `AWS` are the actual video, documents or subtitles files, from the upload to the distribution through transcoding and storage. It is not required to deploy any database or application backend to `AWS` or send any user's personal information there.
```

### The `React` frontend

The `React` frontend is responsible for the interfaces with which users interact in the LTI Iframes. It gets an authenticated token with permissions
from the view and interacts with the `Django` backend to manage objects and directly with `AWS s3` to upload files.

> It also powers the same resource view when loaded by a learner to display a video player (thanks to [Plyr](https://plyr.io)) or a document player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It also powers the same resource view when loaded by a learner to display a video player (thanks to [Plyr](https://plyr.io)) or a document reader.
```
